---
tags:
  - notes/inconsistency
chapter: "[[SALVA Chaos]]"
previous:
  - "[[RE-01-09 Reunited at SALVA]]"
next:
  - "[[02-02 Surgery]]"
pov:
  - Chief
state: complete
content: stage
---
Waking up near the Sinner that tried to kill you nearly drives you into a panic, but nurse [[Anne]] arrives before things can escalate and you realise that the scary Sinner is also just a severely [[Gray-haired Girl|wounded girl]].

Checking on you and the girl in her gentle and soothing manner, she adjust your IV dosage down with her power. The gentle nurse is a Sinner from [[SALVA Hospital]] as well.

Together with another Nurse she brings you to see [[Dr. Iron]]. But an altercation between [[Hella]] and the doctor from earlier interrupts your journey. Your attempt to shackle Anne in the confusion is foiled by an expertly thrown scalpel. 

Hella and [[Hecate]] identify the doctor for you, Dr. Iron, an A class Sinner and the medical director of SALVA. With the power to manipulate nerves and her expertise with drugs she incapacitated the two Sinners.

Intent on testing you Dr. Iron release the restraints and in the ensuing fight you try to shackle her. But having grabbed her [[Prosthesis|mechanical arm]] the [[Shackles]] prove ineffective.

> [!cite] Dr. Iron
> Your power is very special, but it seems like it requires direct physical contact.

> [!help] Inconsitency
> How did Chief shackle [[Labyrinth]] whose body is artificial with the exception of her nervous system? And Hella was shackled in [[00-02 Shadow]] without any contact at all.

